---
layout: post
title: Group Proposal
tags: [homework]
comments: true
---
# Group Project Proposal

The problem we are aiming to solve through our mobile app is the uncertainty surrounding the occupancy of tents on campus. Most times, tents are full or near capacity which can be challenging for students when finding a meeting place. Too often, students are found walking the field to find an open tent, or even worse, trying to fit in one that already is at capacity. It is also difficult to find your friends when they are in tents, which leads to further confusion. Since tents will most likely stay on campus for the months, or even years to follow, it makes it that much more important that we find a solution to this problem. 

Due to COVID-19, the implementation of tents on Alumni Field has been one of the exciting new additions to student life at Horace Mann. These tents are now being utilized for student groups to meet and even for academic classes. Not only has this resource lessened traffic and crowds in indoor areas on campus, but it has given us a reason to permanently keep them even when COVID-19 ends. Still, even with these positive advantages, there are numerous problems associated with this addition. The most common, is a student coming from getting food and looking for a tent with their friends. In this situation, they’re carrying food, making it difficult for them to walk far distances. With our solution, they would simply open the app, find a tent that is empty or at minimal capacity, and walk straight there. This eliminates the need for walking to multiple tents, saving the students time and energy. 

There are three contextual inquiry participants we want to pursue. The first contextual inquiry participant we want to identify is the senior who wants to hang out with his friends. Senior year in high school is particularly special, not only because we are working through our college applications, but also because this is our last year of high school. It is absolutely critical that seniors can spend their lunch periods and free periods hanging out with friends. Unfortunately, COVID-19 and the social distancing protocols made it particularly difficult. Occupied can help! With Occupied, it would be easier for them to locate their friends during a free period. The second contextual inquiry participant we want to identify is the student who just got their food and is trying to find somewhere to eat. During lunch, the tents are pretty full, it can be difficult to find an empty space to eat. Occupied can help! By going through the tents on the app, the students can figure out the most empty tents. Moreover, they do not have to walk around the campus and check one by one. The third contextual inquiry participant we want to identify is the staff member walking on the main field, trying to keep everyone 6 feet away from each other. HM students are not the best at following social distancing protocols. Some tents are too crowded than they are supposed to be, and students like to use eating as an excuse to take a break from wearing facemasks. Thus, some staff members have to walk around the main field to remind everyone to follow the protocols. Occupied can help! With Occupied, staff members can immediately locate the overcrowded tents. They can walk straight to the overcrowded tents and do their job more effectively.

For the seniors trying to hang out with friends, we can observe them in tents in front of Lutnick and Tillinghast during breaks and lunch. Because two out of our three members are seniors, we can certainly find seniors to interview. For the students holding their food trying to locate their friends, we can observe and interview students who are walking around, holding their food in their hand. For the staff members who are walking on the main field to enforce social distancing protocols, they can be easily observed and interviewed during a lunch period. All interviews for these two contextual inquiry participants would be conducted in person, wearing face masks and staying at least 6 feet apart. The interviews would be short so it would not take a lot of time from their free period or keep them away from what they are supposed to do. The stakeholders for our design would be the deans. Meeting with deans would be scheduled,longer meetings. 
